README.md, before:

# glog
Go's modified log package with an option to set a loglevel, which will filter the output of logs based on that.
(This is the modified code from GO's original `log` package at https://github.com/golang/go/tree/master/src/log (version 1.6.2)), and the logic borrowed from https://github.com/Sirupsen/logrus package.

##### Why!
I was trying to find a way to log `filename` and `line number` using logrus for obvious debugging purpose, but I failed to get a workaround. I am not using advanced features of `logrus` like `SetFormatter` or `hooks`. `Go`'s native `log` package already provides a feature to log filename and line numbers but it lacks setting a loglevel for filtering logs. I just borrowed and incorporated the idea of using a `loglevel`.
Newly added methods for `*Logger` like `(Error|Warn|Info|Debug)ln(), (Error|Warn|Info|Debug)f() and (Error|Warn|Info|Debug)()` will only output logs based on the configured loglevel with the helper function `SetLogLevel()`. Accepted log levels are `ErrorLevel, WarnLevel, InfoLevel and DebugLevel` which are of values `int 0, 1, 2, 3` respectively.

Default value of `loglevel` at the time of initing the `*Logger` is set to the lowest level, which is `ErrorLevel`.

##### Reference when setting loglevel:

`logger.SetLogLevel(log.ErrorLevel)` will log only Errors using the method `log.Error*()`. Any calls to `log.Warn*()`, `log.Info*()` and `log.Debug*()` will not be logged unless the `loglevel` is changed.

`logger.SetLogLevel(log.WarnLevel)` will log Errors and Warnings. Rest are not logged.

`logger.SetLogLevel(log.InfoLevel)` will log Errors, Warnings and Info. Rest are not logged.

`logger.SetLogLevel(log.DebugLevel)` will log Errors, Warnings, Info and Debug.

Note: To disable logging line numbers and file names, set the logger's flag similar to `logger := log.New(&buf, "logger: ", log.Ldate)` instead of `log.Lshortfile` or similar flags.

##### Example:

```
package main

import (
	"bytes"
	"fmt"
	log "github.com/nohupped/glog"
)

func main() {
	var buf bytes.Buffer
	logger := log.New(&buf, "logger: ", log.Lshortfile)
	// Below two lines to set logging to file
	//file, _ := os.OpenFile("/tmp/testlog.log", os.O_CREATE|os.O_WRONLY|os.O_APPEND, 0666)
	//logger.SetOutput(file)
	strfn := "Errorf()!"
	logger.Errorf("Hello, this is %d Error from %s", 1, strfn)
	logger.Error("Hello, this is 1 Error from Error()!")
	logger.Warnln("Hello, This is from Warnln!") // This will not print because the default loglevel when initiating logger is set to ErrorLevel.
	logger.SetLogLevel(log.InfoLevel)
	logger.Errorln("Hello, This is Error from Errorln!")
	logger.Warnln("Hello, This is Warn from Warnln!")
	logger.Infoln("Hello, This is Info from Infoln!")
	logger.Debugln("Hello, This is Debug from Debugln!") // This will not print because loglevel is set to InfoLevel

	fmt.Print(&buf)

	// Output:
	// logger: main.go:19: ERROR: Hello, this is 1 Error from Errorf()!
	// logger: main.go:20: ERROR: Hello, this is 1 Error from Error()!
	// logger: main.go:23: ERROR: Hello, This is Error from Errorln!
	// logger: main.go:24: WARN: Hello, This is Warn from Warnln!
	// logger: main.go:25: INFO: Hello, This is Info from Infoln!

```

Commit message:

Updated stdout logs.  - Updated Readme  - Updated (Error|Warn|Info|debug)(f|ln)?() functions.

README.md, after:

# glog
Go's modified log package with an option to set a loglevel, which will filter the output of logs based on that.
(This is the modified code from GO's original `log` package at https://github.com/golang/go/tree/master/src/log (version 1.6.2)), and the logic borrowed from https://github.com/Sirupsen/logrus package.

##### Why!
I was trying to find a way to log `filename` and `line number` using logrus for obvious debugging purpose, but I failed to get a workaround. I am not using advanced features of `logrus` like `SetFormatter` or `hooks`. `Go`'s native `log` package already provides a feature to log filename and line numbers but it lacks setting a loglevel for filtering logs. I just borrowed and incorporated the idea of using a `loglevel`.
Newly added methods for `*Logger` like `(Error|Warn|Info|Debug)ln(), (Error|Warn|Info|Debug)f() and (Error|Warn|Info|Debug)()` will only output logs based on the configured loglevel with the helper function `SetLogLevel()`. Accepted log levels are `ErrorLevel, WarnLevel, InfoLevel and DebugLevel` which are of values `int 0, 1, 2, 3` respectively.

Default value of `loglevel` at the time of initing the `*Logger` is set to the lowest level, which is `ErrorLevel`.

##### Reference when setting loglevel:

`logger.SetLogLevel(log.ErrorLevel)` will log only Errors using the method `log.Error*()`. Any calls to `log.Warn*()`, `log.Info*()` and `log.Debug*()` will not be logged unless the `loglevel` is changed.

`logger.SetLogLevel(log.WarnLevel)` will log Errors and Warnings. Rest are not logged.

`logger.SetLogLevel(log.InfoLevel)` will log Errors, Warnings and Info. Rest are not logged.

`logger.SetLogLevel(log.DebugLevel)` will log Errors, Warnings, Info and Debug.

Note: To disable logging line numbers and file names, set the logger's flag similar to `logger := log.New(&buf, "logger: ", log.Ldate)` instead of `log.Lshortfile` or similar flags.

##### Example:

```
package main

import (
	"bytes"
	"fmt"
	log "github.com/nohupped/glog"
)

func main() {
	var buf bytes.Buffer
	logger := log.New(&buf, "logger: ", log.Lshortfile)
	// Below two lines to set logging to file
	//file, _ := os.OpenFile("/tmp/testlog.log", os.O_CREATE|os.O_WRONLY|os.O_APPEND, 0666)
	//logger.SetOutput(file)
	strfn := "Errorf()!"
	logger.Errorf("Hello, this is %d Error from %s", 1, strfn)
	logger.Error("Hello, this is 1 Error from Error()!")
	logger.Warnln("Hello, This is from Warnln!") // This will not print because the default loglevel when initiating logger is set to ErrorLevel.
	logger.SetLogLevel(log.InfoLevel)
	logger.Errorln("Hello, This is Error from Errorln!")
	logger.Warnln("Hello, This is Warn from Warnln!")
	logger.Infoln("Hello, This is Info from Infoln!")
	logger.Debugln("Hello, This is Debug from Debugln!") // This will not print because loglevel is set to InfoLevel

	log.SetStandardLogLevel(log.DebugLevel) // set std loglevel. This will NOT set the *Logger struct's loglevel.
	log.SetFlags(log.Lshortfile) // set flags to log. This will add short filename and line number.
	log.Debugf("This is from %s", strfn)
	log.Printf("%d error from %s", 1, "Error function")
	log.Warnf("%d error from %s", 1, "Error function")
	fmt.Println(&buf)

	fmt.Print(&buf)

	// Output:
	// logger: main.go:19: ERROR: Hello, this is 1 Error from Errorf()!
	// logger: main.go:20: ERROR: Hello, this is 1 Error from Error()!
	// logger: main.go:23: ERROR: Hello, This is Error from Errorln!
	// logger: main.go:24: WARN: Hello, This is Warn from Warnln!
	// logger: main.go:25: INFO: Hello, This is Info from Infoln!

```
